# Dynamic JavaScript API Client Proxies
ABP Framework provides a better way to call your HTTP APIs from your JavaScript code: Dynamic JavaScript API Client Proxies

## Example
Assume that you have an application service defined as shown below:
```c#
using System;
using SHLOKERP.Courses.Dtos;
using Volo.Abp.Application.Dtos;
using Volo.Abp.Application.Services;

namespace SHLOKERP.Courses
{
    public interface ICourseAppService :
        ICrudAppService< 
            CourseDto, 
            Guid, 
            PagedAndSortedResultRequestDto,
            CreateUpdateCourseDto,
            CreateUpdateCourseDto>
    {

    }
}
```
>You can follow the [web application development tutorial](CRUDForSingleTable.md) to learn how to create application services, expose them as HTTP APIs and consume from the JavaScript code as a complete example.

You can call any of the methods just like calling a JavaScript function. The JavaScript function has the identical function name, parameters and the return value with the C# method.

**Example: Get the Courses list**
```Javascript
sHLOKERP.courses.course.getList({
  maxResultCount: 10
}).then(function(result){
  console.log(result.items);
});
```

**Example: Delete a Course**
```Javascript
sHLOKERP.courses.course
    .delete('c32be2b1-5850-607e-72c5-39fd69bfcddd') //Get id from somewhere!
    .then(function() {
        abp.notify.info('Successfully deleted!');
    });
```

# AJAX Details
Dynamic JavaScript client proxy functions use the `abp.ajax` under the hood. So, you have the same benefits like **automatic error handling**. Also, you can fully control the AJAX call by providing the options.

## The Return Value
Every function returns a `Deferred object`. That means you can chain with `then` to get the result, `catch` to handle the error, `always` to perform an action once the operation completes (success or failed).

## AJAX Options
Every function gets an additional `last parameter` after your own parameters. The last parameter is called as `ajaxParams`. It is an object that overrides the AJAX options.

**Example: Set `type` and `dataType` AJAX options**

```Javascript
sHLOKERP.courses.course
    .delete('c32be2b1-5850-607e-72c5-39fd69bfcddd', {
        type: 'POST',
        dataType: 'xml'
    })
    .then(function() {
        abp.notify.info('Successfully deleted!');
    });
```

## Service Proxy Script Endpoint
The magic is done by the `/Abp/ServiceProxyScript` endpoint defined by the ABP Framework and automatically added to the layout. You can visit this endpoint in your application to see the client proxy function definitions. This script file is automatically generated by the ABP Framework based on the server side method definitions and the related HTTP endpoint details.